URL: https://www.greencan.ca/?page=fibre
Fetched: 2026-09-13
What: Ever Green Recycling fibre (paper/cardboard) page: commercial only.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ever Green Recycling
 About
 Us
 Ever Green Recycling
 sign in
 Upgrade Your Green Depot Account
 start recycling
 redeem money
 about us
 reduce & reuse
 contact
 Home
 About Us
 Fibre
 Fibre
 Paper, Newsprint & Cardboard (Commercial Only)
 Commercial and Office Paper.
 Ever Green Recycling processes office paper and cardboard. We help businesses, institutional and commercial customers to recycle material that is used everyday.
 Ever Green Recycling requires that these materials are sorted properly prior to acceptance, to minimize and eliminate potential contaminants. We will work with your business to help you establish and maintain a cleaner and cost effective office paper recycling process.
 Located at 79 Blackmarsh Road, Ever Green Commercial and Office Paper will receive and process the following materials, from commercial operators, and within a pre-arranged schedule:
 SORTED OFFICE PAPER (SOP) - Sorted, printed or unprinted white ledger or bond writing papers. Must be free of coated or groundwood fibres. Must be free of paper clips, elastic bands and other foreign materials.
 OLD CORRUGATED CARDBOARD
 Clean sorted printed or unprinted corrugated cardboard cartons, boxes or sheet, must be Kraft or jute liner content. May contain staples or poly tape, but must be free of asphalt tapes and asphalt lined materials and may not contain more than 5% fiber re-enforced tapes.
 NEWSPAPER – Newsprint of sufficient quantity (approx. 2000 lbs)
 We also offer baling, truck loading and storage services to companies collecting office waste paper, as well as beverage containers, in the Northeast Avalon region. We’ll work with you to set up a mutually acceptable service schedule.
*Depending on material, a processing fee may be charged
 Sign in to your Ever Green Recycling Account
 X
 Can't log in?
 Upgrade your Green Depot account!
 &#169;Copyright 2011 Ever Green Recycling
 79 Blackmarsh Road &#8226; PO Box 26091 &#8226; St. John’s &#8226; NL &#8226; A1E 1S6
 News
 FAQs
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
