URL: https://www.greencan.ca/?page=start
Fetched: 2026-09-13
What: Ever Green "Start Recycling" page: refund table incl. "Local and imported beer bottles: 5 cent refund" (does not say which bottles are taken back as refillables).
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ever Green Recycling
 Start
 Recycling
 Ever Green Recycling
 sign in
 Upgrade Your Green Depot Account
 start recycling
 redeem money
 about us
 reduce & reuse
 contact
 General Public
 Schools
 Businesses
 Community Groups And Teams
 Home
 Start Recyling
 Start Recycling
 Drop off your recycling – only takes a few minutes...
 What can I recycle?
 It’s simple! At Ever Green, we accept any beverage container that you pay a deposit on at the time of purchase. Click here for a list of what's accepted
 How to prepare your recycling
 Properly preparing your recyclables not only ensures the health and safety of those handling the recyclables, but that the process is efficient and free of delays.
 Ensure bags are free of garbage
 Ensure bottles are not broken
 Remove caps
 Remove straws
 Empty all liquid
 For the health and safety of our employees, please ensure each bag or box does not exceed 15 lbs
 Earning money through recycling is simple
 Earning money through recycling is simple – receive a refund on any beverage container consumers pay a deposit on:
 Non-alcoholic containers: 5 cent refund
 Alcoholic containers: 10 cent refund
 Local and imported beer bottles: 5 cent refund
 It may not seem like a lot, but it doesn't take long to add up! Many Ever Green Recycling customers are benefiting financially by recycling beverage containers on a regular basis.
 About us
 About Us
 What Can I Recycle
 Green Tips
 Recycling Network
 News
 FAQs
 Donating to Ever Green Recycling
 If you wish to make a charitable donation to Ever Green, we will issue you a tax receipt (minimum $10) at the end of the year.
 To donation your recycling funds, please click Donate.
 Sign in to your Ever Green Recycling Account
 X
 Can't log in?
 Upgrade your Green Depot account!
 &#169;Copyright 2011 Ever Green Recycling
 79 Blackmarsh Road &#8226; PO Box 26091 &#8226; St. John’s &#8226; NL &#8226; A1E 1S6
 News
 FAQs
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
