URL: https://www.gandercanada.com/home-property-and-roads/garbage-collection-and-disposal/
Fetched: 2026-09-13
What: Town of Gander: end-of-life electronics go to Broadening Horizons Green Depot, 12A Magee Drive.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Garbage Collection and Disposal | Town of Gander
 This website uses cookies to enhance usability and provide you with a more personal experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy.
 Agree
 Skip to main content
 Skip to footer
 Town of Gander
 Menu
 Home, Property and Roads
 Expand sub pages Home, Property and Roads
 Emergency Services
 Fire Rescue
 Garbage Collection and Disposal
 Pest Management
 Rental Accommodations Registry
 Roads and Sidewalks
 Roundabout Information and Feedback
 Snow Clearing
 Taxation
 Wastewater Treatment and Collection
 Water Treatment and Distribution
 Recreation, Activities and Visitors
 Expand sub pages Recreation, Activities and Visitors
 Accommodations
 Amenities
 Annual Events
 Art Procurement
 Attractions
 Getting Here and Getting Around
 History
 Parks and Playgrounds
 Recreation Programs
 SnoBreak
 Steele Community Centre
 Walking and Hiking Trails
 Business and Development
 Expand sub pages Business and Development
 Bids and Tenders
 Build Up Gander
 Building in Gander
 Business Directory
 Business Start Up
 Community Profile
 Home based businesses
 Introducing a Roundabout to Gander
 Land development
 Sector Profiles
 Municipal Government
 Expand sub pages Municipal Government
 Bids and Tenders
 Budget & Finance
 Careers
 Connect with Council
 Committees of Council
 Council Meetings
 Diversity Calendar
 Forms and Documents
 Newsroom
 Forms & Documents
 Regulations
 Contact Us
 Taxation
 Citizen Engagement
 Expand sub pages Citizen Engagement
 Accessibility
 Citizen Feedback and Engagement Opportunities
 Community Events
 Community Partnership Fund
 Connect with Council
 Gander Project Portal
 Newsletters
 Privacy Policy
 Forms & Documents
 Request a Service or Report a Concern
 Subscribe to E-mail Updates
 Subscribe to 'Texts from the Town'
 Contact Us
 Expand Search
 Garbage Collection and Disposal
 Section Menu
 Regular Garbage Collection
 Regular Garbage Collection Schedule:
Household garbage is collected at curbside once each week on the following schedule. If your collection day falls on a holiday, collection normally takes place the day before or the day after. Holiday changes are posted in the local newspaper, on the Town’s official website, or call the Municipal Works and Services Department at 651-5915 for details.
Monday
Bell Place
Blackwood Drive
Boyd Street
Brock Crescent
Edinburgh Avenue
Elizabeth Drive
Fitzmaurice Road
Lothian Court
MacKay Street
Memorial Drive
Old Navy Road
Peterson Drive
Pinedo Road
Read Street
Tuesday
Airport Boulevard
Bannock Street
Barker Place
Briggs Street
Byrd Avenue
Carling Crescent
Cochran Street
Corrigan Street
Esmonde Place
Garrett Drive
Gilmore Place
Gordon Street
Hadfield Street
Henley Street
Hughes Street
Jones Place
Kent Place
Marc Garneau Place
McLeod Place
Mifflin Place
Mitchell Street
Mollison Crescent
Quimby Place
Ratcliffe Place
Reicher's Place
Rickenbacker Road
Sacchi Avenue
Scott Place
Solberg Crescent
Waterton Street
Williams Place
Wood Crescent
Wright Crescent
Yeager Street
Wednesday
Balbo Street
Baldwin Street
Bishop Street
Bowes Street
Brochen Street
Cotton Street
Earhart Street
Fraser Road
Grandy Avenue
Hamilton Street
Hawker Crescent
Jackson Place
Lindbergh Road
MacDonald Drive
Medcalf Street
Nungesser Ave
Sullivan Avenue
Thursday
Alcock Crescent
Bachman Place
Bennett Drive
Bristol Place
Brown Crescent
Conrad Place
Curtiss Avenue
Gander Bay Road
Gray Avenue
Grieve Crescent
Heath Crescent
Magee Road
Ogilvie Street
Pattison Place
Robertson Avenue
Towers Avenue
TCH
Viscount Crescent
Wilcockson Crescent
Friday
Binnie Street
Blair Place
Bondar Street
Cayley Place
Cheshire Crescent
Cody Place
Collishaw Crescent
DeHavilland Place
Edwards Place
Forester Street
Gatty Place
Gibson Place
Griffin Place
Hobbs Street
Hornell Street
Howe Street
Johnson Street
Kingsford-Smith Place
Lee Street
Lewington Place
MacLean Place
Mattern Place
McGrath Place
Melvill Place
Morgan Drive
Payette Street
Penwell Avenue
Raynham Avenue
Richman Place
Rowsell Boulevard
Russell Street
Rutan Street
Thirsk Place
Tilley Place
Tully Place
Vatcher Place
 Holiday Collection Schedule
 2026-2027 Holiday Schedule Changes
Holiday
Collection Pick-up
April 3 – Good Friday
Thursday – April 2, 2026
May 18 – Victoria Day
Wednesday – May 20, 2026
July 1 – Canada Day
Thursday – July 2, 2026
August 3 – Civic Holiday
Wednesday – August 5,  2026
September 7 – Labor Day
Wednesday – September 9, 2026
September 30th - Truth & Reconciliation
Thursday – October 1, 2026
October 12 – Thanksgiving
Wednesday – October 14, 2026
November 11 – Remembrance Day
Thursday – November 12, 2026
December 25 – Christmas Day
Thursday – December 24, 2026
December 28, Monday, in lieu of Saturday, December 26 – Boxing Day
Wednesday – December 30, 2026
 January 1, 2027 – New Year’s Day
Thursday, December 31, 2026
 Sorting Recyclables & Household Garbage
 Sorting Guidelines:
Recyclables must be sorted in transparent blue bags. 
Household garbage must be sorted in clear bags. 
Garbage placed at curbside for weekly collection must be covered at all times. A metal or plastic container, netting, or a blanket are acceptable methods for cover. See this link for full details. The following are some general guidelines for collection: 
Containers shall not be put out for collection except on the day designated for collection in the area. Containers and bundles should not weigh more than 50 lbs./22.5 kg. 
Garbage containers and bundles shall be placed for collection in front of the premises at the curb or street line no earlier than 6:00 am and no later than 8:00 am on the day designated for collection. 
No householder shall put out for collection more than 6 containers (bags) or their equivalent for collection by the Town on any one collection day. 
All paper, newspaper, magazines, cardboard, or cartons not placed in watertight cans or approved polyethylene garbage bags shall be flattened out and securely tied with strong twine or rope in 20” x 20”x 30” bundles. A polyethylene garbage bag has a minimum size of 26" x 32.5"/66cm x 82.5cm. 
No person(s) shall permit any animal owned by him/her or under his/her control to pick over, interfere, disturb, remove, or scatter any material placed out for collection. 
No person(s), other than the employees of the Council authorized for that purpose, shall pick over, remove, disturb or otherwise interfere with any garbage or refuse placed for removal by the Council whether or not it is enclosed in receptacles or containers. 
The Town of Gander takes no responsibility for items left at curbside during curbside collection events and anything not considered refuse should not be left unattended. 
Residents are reminded that it is the homeowner's responsibility to clean up any garbage remaining after curbside collection.  
The Town of Gander appreciates your cooperation in helping to keep our Town clean and tidy. 
For more information, call the Public Works Depot 651-5938 between the hours of 7:30 am to 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday, if you have additional questions about this service.
 Electronic Products Recycling
 It’s impossible to imagine a world today without electronics, but using electronics also means responsibly recycling them for a cleaner tomorrow - we can ensure that piles of old electronics aren't sitting in landfills, harming our environment. 
By recycling end-of-life electronics at certified Electronic Products Recycling Association (EPRA) facilities, you’re helping to reduce the amount of electronics that end up in landfills; preventing them from being illegally exported; and conserving natural resources by recovering raw materials that can be used to make new products.
Where should I take my end-of-life electronics?
Broadening Horizons Green Depot
12A Magee Drive
Gander, NL, A1V 1W5
Tuesday through Friday: 9:00am-12:00pm / 12:30pm-5:45pm
Saturday: 9:00am-12:00pm / 12:30pm-5:00pm
Central Newfoundland Waste Management (Residential material only)
Route 3-1-09
Norris Arm, NL, A0G 3M0
Monday to Saturday: 8:30am-4:30pm
What is the Electronic Products Recycling Association (EPRA)?
EPRA Newfoundland and Labrador is a not-for-profit, industry-led, organization that oversees a government-approved end-of-life electronics recycling program throughout the province. Residents and businesses can drop off their unwanted electronics, free of charge, for responsible recycling.
How is the program funded?
EPRA Newfoundland and Labrador is funded through Environmental Handling Fees (EHF) that are applied on the sale of all new electronic products regulated in Newfoundland and Labrador. It’s not a tax, nor is it a refundable deposit. The EHF on each item in the program is based on the actual cost to recycle the materials contained in the product. All program revenue is used for the collection, transportation and responsible recycling of end-of life electronics as well as program administration.
How the EPRA makes a difference:
Over 80% of Canadians polled have at least one end-of-life electronic device sitting at home. We don’t want these old electronics to pile up in landfills or be illegally exported creating environmental issues somewhere else.
Over one million Tonnes of electronics have been diverted from Canadian landfills through EPRA.
The products are sent to specialized recyclers that harvest the raw materials including glass, plastics, and precious metals like gold and copper. The recovered materials are then put back into the manufacturing supply chain and used to make new products.
What can I recycle?
Display Devices: Televisions and monitors, including Cathode Ray Tube (CRT), All-in-one, flat panel (LCD, LED and plasma) and rear projection.
Phones: includes corded and cordless telephones, answering machines; cellular phones, including those offering camera, video recording and/or audio functions; cell-enabled smartphones, PDAs utilizing touch-screen technology and handheld devices.
Home Audio/Video Systems: VCRs, DVD and CD players, digital cable and satellite equipment, speakers, amplifiers, receivers, data projectors and similar audio/video systems.
Desktop Computers and all internal components, including those acting as servers.
Portable Computers: laptops, netbooks, notebooks and tablets.
Computer Peripherals: wired and wireless manual input devices such as keyboards, mice and trackballs.
Desktop Printers: laser and LED, ink jet, dot matrix, thermal, dye sublimation and “multi-function” copy, scan, fax and print devices, as well as stand-alone desktop fax machines.
Personal/Portable Audio/Video Systems: docking speakers, portable stereos, portable CD players, portable audio recorders, tape/radio players, headphones, digital media (MP3) players, voice recorders, and digital and video cameras.
Home Theatre In-A-Box (HTB) Systems: pre-packaged disc player/speaker/amplifier systems
Vehicle Audio/Video Systems: aftermarket amplifiers, equalizers, speakers and audio/video components.
External drives: including home media network hard drives and external optical disk drives as well as network-attached storage devices (NAS), external CD-ROM, DVD and Blu-ray drives and modems.
Global Positioning System (GPS): Personal, Portable & Vehicle
Electronic Readers & Video Game Devices: includes personal and portable devices designed primarily for reading digital e-books and periodicals, gaming consoles, handheld gaming devices as well as game controllers and both wired and wireless joysticks.
Practical tips:
Before you bring your devices to an authorized drop-off point, here are some practical end-of-life electronics recycling tips…
Assess if the electronic device is still in good working order and could be given away or donated.
Ensure any account services for your devices are deactivated.
Remove any SIM / SD cards.
Ensure all computers, cell phones and electronics have been cleared of your private or personal information.
 Waste Transfer Station
 The Town of Gander is transitioning the McCurdy Drive Waste Transfer Station to an automated system during the 2026 construction season, with the goal of providing residents with increased access. Until the automated system is operational, the site will continue to operate under the existing model. In the interim, scheduled access events will be held on:
January 10 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
March 14 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
April 11 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
June 13 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
July 11 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
August 8 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
September 19 (8:00am - 4:00pm)
Additional dates will be added as needed.
 Household Hazardous Waste Day
 Household hazardous waste includes products that are toxic, corrosive, flammable, explosive or stored in pressurized containers.
These items can cause fires, harm people and animals, damage equipment and pollute the environment. Household hazardous waste is not accepted through regular curbside garbage collection.
Residents can dispose of household hazardous waste free of charge during regular operating hours at the Central Newfoundland Waste Management regional site in Norris Arm or at participating transfer stations.
Where possible, consider choosing less harmful alternatives. When hazardous products are necessary, please store, handle and dispose of them safely.
2026 Household Hazardous Waste Day
Date: September 19, 2026
Time: 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Location: Steele Community Centre parking lot
This free event is sponsored by Central Newfoundland Waste Management and is open to residents.
The date will be shared through the Town’s website and official communication channels once confirmed.
Accepted Items
Residents may bring household quantities of:
Adhesives and contact cement
Aerosol cans
Antifreeze and coolants
Batteries
Bleach
Household chemicals and cleaning products
Ethanol and methanol
Fertilizers
Flea powder
Fluorescent light bulbs
Gasoline and other fuels
Glue
Herbicides and fungicides
Kerosene
Butane and lighters containing fuel
Motor oil and oil filters
Nail polish and nail polish remover
Paint and paint thinner
Pool chemicals
Propane
Razors and straight blades
Rubbing alcohol
Rust remover
Sealants and solvents
Stains and varnishes
Items Not Accepted
Please do not bring:
Ammunition
Asbestos
Biomedical waste
Commercial or industrial waste
Explosives
Fireworks
Medication
PCBs or industrial chemicals
Smoke alarms
For more information about accepted materials or disposal locations, visit www.cnwmc.com.
For general Town inquiries, contact Contact Gander at 709-651-TOWN (8696) or service@gander.ca.
 Annual Clean Up Week
 Dates for the Town of Gander’s 2027 Annual Clean-Up Week will be announced in the spring.
During Annual Clean-Up Week, each street is collected once per week. Items are collected on your regular household garbage collection day and must be placed at the curb no later than 8:00 a.m.
Do not place clean-up items at the curb before or after the designated collection period.
Collection Requirements
To help crews collect items safely and efficiently:
Small and loose items must be properly contained.
Items must be sorted into five separate piles.
Containers and bundles must not weigh more than 50 pounds.
Branches, lumber and similar materials must not be longer than five feet.
Items that are not properly sorted or prepared will not be collected.
How to Sort Your Items
Pile 1: Household Garbage and Recycling
Place household garbage in clear bags and recyclables in transparent blue bags.
Pile 2: Metal
This includes scrap metal and large appliances made primarily of metal.
Pile 3: Branches
Branches must be tied and bundled.
Each bundle must:
Weigh no more than 50 pounds
Be no longer than five feet
Pile 4: Construction and Demolition Material
This includes:
Wood and lumber
Wooden chairs and tables
Wooden dressers and desks
Similar construction and demolition material
Nails must be removed or fully bent into the wood.
Each bundle must weigh no more than 50 pounds and be no longer than five feet.
Pile 5: Other Refuse
This includes:
Upholstered furniture
Mattresses
Plastic debris
Bicycle tires
Off-road vehicle tires not accepted by local tire retailers
Loose and Breakable Material
Loose material, including drywall, glass, shingles and ceramic tile, must be placed in a suitable container weighing no more than 50 pounds.
Vinyl siding must be bundled. Each bundle must weigh no more than 50 pounds and be no longer than five feet.
Broken glass must be safely contained and clearly marked.
Items Not Accepted
The following items will not be collected:
Rocks, gravel or concrete
Electronics, including televisions and computers
Grass, leaves, trees and other garden waste
Hazardous waste, including propane tanks, paint, pesticides and oil
Vehicle tires accepted by local tire retailers
Residential Use Only
Annual Clean-Up Week is for Town of Gander residents only.
Contractor-generated debris and material brought in from outside the community will not be collected.
For questions, contact Contact Gander at 709-651-TOWN (8696) or service@gander.ca.
 Other Disposal Options
Some materials are not accepted through regular curbside collection or Annual Clean-Up Week. Residents can use the following disposal options:
Metal
Scrap metal can be dropped off at Central Metals (1983) Ltd. during regular business hours.
Reusable Furniture
Good-quality used furniture may be accepted by Evangel Pentecostal Church. Contact the church directly to confirm whether an item is suitable and to arrange collection.
Grass and Leaves
Grass and leaves can be dropped off at the Town’s composting site at:
34 McCurdy Drive
Trees and Branches
Trees and branches can be taken to the chipping site located next to the Derby Pit, off Cooper Boulevard near the Mitchell Street intersection.
Electronics
Accepted electronics can be dropped off at the Broadening Horizons Green Depot on Magee Drive.
Accepted items may include:
Computers
Televisions
Printers and monitors
Home and personal audio or video equipment
Non-cellular telephones
Paint
Leftover paint can be dropped off at Aylward’s Home Hardware on Bennett Drive. Contact the retailer before visiting to confirm accepted products and hours.
Unwanted Vehicles
Contact Central Metals (1983) Ltd. directly for information about vehicle disposal.
Household Hazardous Waste
Household hazardous waste can be taken to the Central Newfoundland Waste Management site in Norris Arm during regular operating hours.
The Town also hosts an annual Household Hazardous Waste Day. Event details are shared through the Town’s website and official communication channels once confirmed.
Tires
Used tires can be returned to participating local tire retailers. Contact the retailer before visiting to confirm what types and quantities are accepted.
For general questions, contact Contact Gander at 709-651-TOWN (8696) or service@gander.ca.
 Compost Bins
 Compost bins are available for purchase through the Gander Community Garden Group.
Two options are available:
Standard compost bin: $45
Tumbler-style compost bin: $110
To purchase a bin or ask about availability, email gandercommunitygarden@gmail.com.
Prices and availability are subject to change.
 Central Waste Management
 Garbage Regulations
 Home, Property and Roads
 Garbage Collection and Disposal
 Toggle Menu Html.Raw(currentTopLevel.Value("subNavigationLinkText")).ToString() : currentTopLevel.Name)
 Garbage Collection and Disposal
 View Full Menu
 Toggle Menu Garbage Collection and Disposal
Emergency Services 
Fire Rescue 
 Toggle Section
Volunteer 
Firework Safety & Guidelines 
Roads and Sidewalks 
Snow Clearing 
Taxation 
Wastewater Treatment and Collection 
Water Treatment and Distribution 
Learn about our fleet 
Roundabout Information and Feedback 
Rental Accommodations Registry 
Pest Management 
 Contact Us
 Town of Gander
100 Elizabeth Drive,
Gander, NL A1V 1G7 Canada
709-651-8696
service@gander.ca
 Sign up to our Newsletter
 Stay up to date on the Town's activities, events, programs and operations by subscribing to our eNewsletters.
 Subscribe
 Home
 Home, Property and Roads
 Garbage Collection and Disposal
 Contact Us
 Town of Gander
100 Elizabeth Drive,
Gander, NL A1V 1G7 Canada
709-651-8696
service@gander.ca 
 Resources
 Sitemap
Privacy Policy
News
 Connect With Us
 Facebook
 Instagram
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 &copy; 2026 Town of Gander
 Privacy Policy
 Sitemap
 Contact Us
 Made with 
 Govstack
 Back to top
