URL: https://mmsb.nl.ca/green-depot/
Fetched: 2026-09-13
What: MMSB "Find a Green Depot" listing for Burgeo Mobile Collection (name, address, phone, hours, description).
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Burgeo Mobile Collection
Burgeo Mobile Collection
Burgeo NL
Burgeo Mobile Collection is part of a province-wide network of Green Depots accepting used beverage containers included in MMSB’s Beverage Container Recycling Program. This mobile collection event is operated by Scotia Recycling and all materials accepted at mobile events are returned to the Corner Brook Green Depot for counting and issuing of refunds to customers.
MOBILE COLLECTION UPDATE
The next mobile collection event for Burgeo will be taking place on:
Friday, August 28, 2026
Scotia Recycling will hold an Xpress collection event at the local fire department. Drop-off events will be held from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. at 148 Reach Road in Burgeo. Subsequent events will be organized according to demand.
To take part, you must have an Xpress account. It’s easy – register for an account online at xpress.greendepotnl.ca. If you have previously registered for an account, you do not need to register again. This collection event is a first come first serve, drop-off service only. No refunds will be provided on site. Please secure your account information to each bag of beverage recyclables using masking tape and provide, your account number (phone number associated with your account), the name on your account and email address. It is crucial for this information to be secured to each bag that you drop-off.
Materials collected will be brought to the Green Depot in Corner Brook for counting and refund. Customers will receive an email once their recyclables are processed and their account is credited. Refunds will stay in the account with the Corner Brook Green Depot until a withdrawal is requested by either phone (709-634-2025) or email (TGulliver@scotiarecycling.com).
If you have any questions, please call MMSB at 1-800-901-6672 or email inquiries@mmsb.nl.ca.
 1-800-901-6672
Mobile collection only.
